README.md, before:

# TheLittleBlackBox
TheLittleBlackBox is an hmtl5 game that uses tags to  
create a fun game that you can play for ages without getting tired of it!
## [Download It!](https://github.com/TheSeceretDevs/TheLittleBlackBox/archive/master.zip)
## [Play it now!](https://theseceretdevs.github.io/TheLittleBlackBox)
## [About](https://theseceretdevs.github.io/TheLittleBlackBox/Pages/Home/index.html)
# Version
Skeleton v1.0
# Controls
## Shoot
To shoot there are two options (You will select either at the beginning of the game)
Mouse:
Click To shoot!
Keyboard:
Space To shoot!
## hotkeys
### ctrl + p
Pause game.  
(and un-pause)
### ctrl + s
Spawn a low-level enemy.
### ctrl + t
Spawn a tracker enemy.  
It trackes you as you move!
# Developers!
If you are a developer, "We want you!". We encourge all  
developers to hack our api and find out how it works.  
So fork! fork! fork!  
Also, here are some [pointers](https://github.com/TheSeceretDevs/TheLittleBlackBox/blob/gh-pages/DevInfo.md)  
Download the skeleton release to build your own game [here](https://github.com/TheSeceretDevs/TheLittleBlackBox/releases/tag/Skeleton-v1.0).

Commit message:

Started working on Little black box multiplayer edition
Huge update change almost everything due to the change in coding
language.

README.md, after:

# TheLittleBlackBox Multiplayer edition
TheLittleBlackBox is an nodejs game that uses tags to  
create a fun game that you can play for ages without getting tired of it!
## [Download It!](https://github.com/TheSeceretDevs/TheLittleBlackBox/archive/master.zip)
## [About](https://theseceretdevs.github.io/TheLittleBlackBox/Pages/Home/index.html)
# Version
Skeleton v0.0
# Build
run app.js using terminal or command prompt by typing in
```
$cd{file path here}
$node app.js
```
### NOTE THAT: the server will be run on your ip PORT:2000 or localhost:2000
# Controls
## Shoot (not implemented)
To shoot there are two options (You will select either at the beginning of the game)
Mouse(not implemented):
Click To shoot!
Keyboard(not implemented):
Space To shoot!
## hotkeys
### ctrl + p (not implemented)
Pause game.  
(and un-pause)
### ctrl + s (not implemented)
Spawn a low-level enemy.
### ctrl + t (not implemented)
Spawn a tracker enemy.  
It trackes you as you move!
# Developers!
If you are a developer, "We want you!". We encourage all  
developers to hack our api and find out how it works. its probably impossible but try anyways as xerodragon72 will be developing this and he works makes it so that if you host the server you can feel safe and secure that no one will hack you. but if you were to ever find a way to hack my server code please inform me.
So fork! fork! fork!
Also, here are some [pointers](https://github.com/TheSeceretDevs/TheLittleBlackBox/blob/gh-pages/DevInfo.md)  
Download the skeleton release to build your own game [here](https://github.com/TheSeceretDevs/TheLittleBlackBox/releases/tag/Skeleton-v1.0).
